IDEA LOCK · Build Sprint

The idea, in one line:
Why me (at least 1 of 3: an audience that trusts me, years inside the workflow, data nobody else has):
With an IIT alumni network and my own journey as startup founder as well as investor/mentor, I see a clear gap in matching founders, who do not have a strong network, to potential Affluent investors who can also mentor and introduce them to network and opportunities.

GOAL
The one goal they hire it for (money, time, status or life): Money => The solution introduces Founders with right Executive/Operators who will help them with network connection and mentorship resulting in growth in their business.
Delta 4 (the steps today → the steps with my product): 
Today => 1) They are reaching out to all possible contacts (Ex-colleagues, college groups, relatives, etc). 2) Getting unqualified leads. 3) Sharing their original investment documents every time to every lead before the meeting 
4) Meeting and pitching to anyone and everyone who agrees to meet 5) Meetings are not always productive due to mismatch in expectation. 6) Meeting to engagement conversion is extremely low.
the steps with my product => 1. Onboarding Senior Executive/Operators from my network. 2. Onboard founders and allow them to upload their investment document as a one time activity. 3. Start matching them to best suited Executive/Operators based on industry, expertise, stage, immediate ask, etc. 4. Share the investment documents with the matched Executive/Operator on founder's approval only.
The sin it rides (optional): Greed. Founders want access to network to get sales/expertise needed to growth the business

USER
The trigger (when the pain hits): Startup founder looking for investor/mentor who can help open doors to sales, expertise and/or investment.
Today's path, step by step (including not solving it at all):
1) They are reaching out to all possible contacts (Ex-colleagues, college groups, relatives, etc). 
2) They are getting unqualified leads. 
3) They are sharing their original investment documents every time to every lead before the meeting.
4) Meeting and pitching to anyone and everyone who agrees to meet.
5) Meetings are not always productive due to mismatch in expectation. 
6) Meeting to engagement conversion is extremely low.
7) Frustrated due to waste of time

Who they trust on this decision: People in their network who has been part of startup ecosystem in some capacity (Founder, investor, mentor, etc)
Would they pay? (what exists today that people pay for): One founder i talked to, is willing to pay to match the right Executive/Operator who can open door to new opportunities.

PRODUCT
Onboarding (how a first-time user feels the value fastest):
1) Founder onboards quickly with their linkedin profile
2) Founder provides the ask (pilot/mentorship/expertise) and upload the details (ask, sector, opportunity, size, etc)
3) The product matches and show the best fit (Investor/Operator) with clear summary of his expertise, 1st level connects in the asked industy/ICP, etc
4) If the founder like the profile, he simply swipe right. 
5) If the founder doesn't like the profile, he simply swipe left. Next best match is showed.
6) Founder profile and investment details are shared with the Investor/Operator.
7) Their contact details are shared to take the engagement forward.

The core loop (user stories, written by me):
As a founder, I raise a request for piloting my product in mid sized contract manufactures in India, so I can get matched to all relevant Head of Supply chains in the platform.
As a founder, I should be able to view the best fit with profile summary so that i select to share my ask in detail.
As a founder, I should be able to available meeting slots with the Operator so that i can book a meeting slot
As a founder, I should be able to reject the best fit if i don't like the profile so that the platform shows the next best fit.
As a Operator, I should get a notification each time a matching founder sent his ask details so that I can review and accept the meeting invite based on my availability.


Coming back (optional):
The AI-first part (onboarding, engagement or the core loop): Core loop

MARKET
Tailwinds (where funding is going, what Google Trends shows, timing): With Make in India initiative, China + 1 diversification as well as multiple FTAs, there is a strong focus by founders on building physical products. Also, in a AI-First world, there is a big opportunity for Indian founders to build AI-first application products on top of the frontier models solving local problems.
Competitors (and the flows I liked, with screenshots and why): Boomerang AI has a simple intuitive UI with a strong AI-first matching algorithm within the Founder's own network fast tracking closure of meeting with relevant Executives/Operators.
Size and fit (how many people in my extended network fit): I have access to 500+ Operators/Investors/Founders through my IIT entrepreneur WhatsApp group. It us a close knit community which helps each other proactively. 
Shaktimaan, this is what I have thought about user, product and market. Lock it in.